# Build
cd desktop/connectors
mkdir connector-hcss
cd connector-hcss
xchange connector new --name HCSS
cd connector



______



# Auth
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/identity/overview/
xchange client new --type Http --auth-type OAuth2ClientCredentials




______




# Attachments
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/attachments/overview/
xchange module new --id attachments-1 --name Attachments --key attachments --version 1

## Files 
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/attachments/spec/tag/Files/#tag/Files/operation/Get
xchange data-object new --module-id attachments-1 --name File
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/attachments/spec/tag/Files/#tag/Files/operation/Post
xchange action new --module-id attachments-1 --object-name File --name Create




______




#Contacts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/overview/
xchange module new --id contacts-1 --name Contacts --key contacts --version 1

## ContactProducts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ContactProducts/#tag/ContactProducts/operation/GetContactProducts
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name ContactProducts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ContactProducts/#tag/ContactProducts/operation/CreateContactProducts
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name ContactProducts --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ContactProducts/#tag/ContactProducts/operation/DeleteContactProduct
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name ContactProducts --name Delete

## Contacts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Contacts/#tag/Contacts/operation/GetContactById
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Contact
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Contacts/#tag/Contacts/operation/DeleteContact
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Contact --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Contacts/#tag/Contacts/operation/UpdateContact
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Contact --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Contacts/#tag/Contacts/operation/CreateContact
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Contact --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Contacts/#tag/Contacts/operation/GetAllContacts
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Contacts

## Offices
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Offices/#tag/Offices/operation/GetOfficeById
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Office
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Offices/#tag/Offices/operation/DeleteOffice
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Office --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Offices/#tag/Offices/operation/UpdateOffice
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Office --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Offices/#tag/Offices/operation/CreateOffice
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Office --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Offices/#tag/Offices/operation/GetAllOffices
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Offices

## Product Types
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ProductTypes/#tag/ProductTypes/operation/GetProductTypeById
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name ProductType
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ProductTypes/#tag/ProductTypes/operation/DeleteProductType
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name ProductType --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ProductTypes/#tag/ProductTypes/operation/UpdateProductType
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name ProductType --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/ProductTypes/#tag/ProductTypes/operation/CreateProductType
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name ProductType --name Create

## Vendors
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/GetVendorById
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Vendor
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/DeleteVendor
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Vendor --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/UpdateVendor
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Vendor --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/CreateVendor
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name Vendor --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/GetAllVendors
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Vendors
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/GetVendorProducts
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name VendorProducts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Vendors/#tag/Vendors/operation/CreateVendorProduct
xchange action new --module-id contacts-1 --object-name VendorProducts --name Create

## Products
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Products/#tag/Products/operation/GetProducts
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name Products
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Products/#tag/Products/operation/GetProductContacts
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name ProductContacts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/contacts/spec/tag/Products/#tag/Products/operation/GetProductVendors
xchange data-object new --module-id contacts-1 --name ProductVendors





______





# Equipment360
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/overview/
xchange module new --id equipment360-1 --name Equipment360 --key equipment360 --version 1

## BusinesUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/BusinessUnit/#tag/BusinessUnit/paths/~1api~1v1~1businessUnits/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name BusinessUnit

## Cost
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/paths/~1api~1v1~1costs~1fuel/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name FuelCosts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/paths/~1api~1v1~1costs~1workOrders/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrderCosts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/paths/~1api~1v1~1costs~1workOrdersExtended/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrderCostsDetails

## Custom Field
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/CustomField/#tag/CustomField/paths/~1api~1v1~1customField/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name CustomField
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/CustomField/#tag/CustomField/paths/~1api~1v1~1customField/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name CustomField --name Create

## CustomFieldCategories
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/CustomFieldCategories/#tag/CustomFieldCategories/paths/~1api~1v1~1customFieldCategories/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name CustomFieldCategories


##CustomFieldList
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/CustomFieldList/#tag/CustomFieldList/paths/~1api~1v1~1customFieldList/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name CustomFieldList

## Employee
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1employees~1{id}/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Employee
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1employees/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Employee --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1employees~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Employee --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1employees/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Employees

## Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipment~1{id}/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipment/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Equipment --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipment~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Equipment --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipment/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name AllEquipment

## EquipmentTransfer
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/EquipmentTransfer/#tag/EquipmentTransfer/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipmentTransfer/post
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name EquipmentTransfer
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name EquipmentTransfer --name Update

## EquipmentType
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/EquipmentType/#tag/EquipmentType/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipmentType/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name EquipmentType
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/EquipmentType/#tag/EquipmentType/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipmentType/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name EquipmentType --name Create

## Invoice
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Invoice/#tag/Invoice/paths/~1api~1v1~1invoice/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Invoice
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Invoice/#tag/Invoice/paths/~1api~1v1~1invoice/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Invoice --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Invoice/#tag/Invoice/paths/~1api~1v1~1invoice/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Invoice --name Update

## Job
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/paths/~1api~1v1~1jobs/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Jobs
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/paths/~1api~1v1~1jobs/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Jobs --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/paths/~1api~1v1~1jobs~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Jobs --name Update

## Location
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Location/#tag/Location/paths/~1api~1v1~1locations/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Locations
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Location/#tag/Location/paths/~1api~1v1~1locations/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Locations --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Location/#tag/Location/paths/~1api~1v1~1locations~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Locations --name Update

## MaintenanceRequest
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/MaintenanceRequest/#tag/MaintenanceRequest/paths/~1api~1v1~1maintenanceRequest/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name MaintenanceRequest
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/MaintenanceRequest/#tag/MaintenanceRequest/paths/~1api~1v1~1maintenanceRequest/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name MaintenanceRequest --name Create


## MeterReading
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/MeterReading/#tag/MeterReading/paths/~1api~1v1~1meterReading/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name MeterReading
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/MeterReading/#tag/MeterReading/paths/~1api~1v1~1meterReading/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name MeterReading --name Create


## Part
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Part/#tag/Part/paths/~1api~1v1~1parts/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Parts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Part/#tag/Part/paths/~1api~1v1~1parts~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Parts --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Part/#tag/Part/paths/~1api~1v1~1partLocations/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PartLocations

## PartCostEntry
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PartCostEntry
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PartCostEntry/#tag/PartCostEntry/paths/~1api~1v1~1partCostEntry/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name PartCostEntry --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PartCostEntries
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PartCostEntry/#tag/PartCostEntry/paths/~1api~1v1~1partCostEntries~1{partCostEntryId}~1details/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name PartCostEntries --name Create

## PartInventory
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PartInventory/#tag/PartInventory/paths/~1api~1v1~1partInventory/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PartInventory
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PartInventory/#tag/PartInventory/paths/~1api~1v1~1partInventory/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name PartInventory --name Create

## PurchaseOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1purchaseOrders/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PurchaseOrders
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1purchaseOrders~1{purchaseOrderId}~1details/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PurchaseOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1purchaseOrder/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name PurchaseOrder --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PurchaseOrderDetails
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1purchaseOrders~1{purchaseOrderId}~1details/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name PurchaseOrderDetails --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name PurchaseOrderNotes
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1purchaseOrders~1{purchaseOrderId}~1notes/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name PurchaseOrderNotes --name Create


## SubletVendorCostEntry
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name SubletVendorCostEntry
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/SubletVendorCostEntry/#tag/SubletVendorCostEntry/paths/~1api~1v1~1subletVendorCostEntry/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name SubletVendorCostEntry --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name SubletVendorCostEntries
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/SubletVendorCostEntry/#tag/SubletVendorCostEntry/paths/~1api~1v1~1subletVendorCostEntries~1{subletVendorCostEntryId}~1details/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name SubletVendorCostEntries --name Create

## Tag
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Tag/#tag/Tag/paths/~1api~1v1~1tags/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Tags


## TimeCard
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/paths/~1api~1v1~1timeCards/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name TimeCard

##UnitOfMeasure
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/UnitOfMeasure/#tag/UnitOfMeasure/paths/~1api~1v1~1unitOfMeasure/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name UnitOfMeasure

## Vendor
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/paths/~1api~1v1~1vendors/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name Vendors
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/paths/~1api~1v1~1vendors/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Vendors --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/paths/~1api~1v1~1vendors~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name Vendors --name Update

## WorkOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrder/#tag/WorkOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrders~1{id}/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrder/#tag/WorkOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrders/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name WorkOrder --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrder/#tag/WorkOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrder~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name WorkOrder --name Update
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrderNotes
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrder/#tag/WorkOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrders~1{workOrderId}~1notes/post
xchange action new --module-id equipment360-1 --object-name WorkOrderNotes --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrder/#tag/WorkOrder/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrders/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrders

## WorkOrderPurchase
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrderPurchase/#tag/WorkOrderPurchase/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrderPurchases/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrderPurchase

## WorkOrderSchedule
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/equipment-360/spec/tag/WorkOrderSchedule/#tag/WorkOrderSchedule/paths/~1api~1v1~1workOrderSchedules/get
xchange data-object new --module-id equipment360-1 --name WorkOrderSchedule



______



# HeavyBidEstimate
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/overview/
xchange module new --id heavybidestimate-1 --name HeavyBidEstimate --key heavybidestimate --version 1

## Activities
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Activities/#tag/Activities/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllActivityAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Activities
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Activities/#tag/Activities/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetActivity
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Activity

## ActivityCodebook
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Activity-Codebook/#tag/Activity-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllActivityCodebookAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name ActivityCodeBooks
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Activity-Codebook/#tag/Activity-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetActivityCodebookById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name ActivityCodeBook


## ActivityCodebookResources
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Activity-Codebook-Resources/#tag/Activity-Codebook-Resources/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllActivityCodebookResourcesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name ActivityCodebookResources
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Activity-Codebook-Resources/#tag/Activity-Codebook-Resources/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetActivityCodebookResourceById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name ActivityCodebookResource

## Attachments
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Attachments/#tag/Attachments/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetEstimateAttachments
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name EstimateAttachments
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Attachments/#tag/Attachments/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_DownloadEstimateAttachment
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name DownloadEstimateAttachment

## BiditemCodebook
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Biditem-Codebook/#tag/Biditem-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllBiditemCodebookAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name AllBiditemCodebook
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Biditem-Codebook/#tag/Biditem-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetBiditemCodebookById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name BiditemCodebook

## Biditems
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Biditems/#tag/Biditems/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllBidItemsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Biditems
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Biditems/#tag/Biditems/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetBidItem
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Biditem

## BusinessUnits
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Business-Units/#tag/Business-Units/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllBusinessUnitsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name BusinessUnits

## Estimates
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Estimates/#tag/Estimates/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllEstimatesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Estimates
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Estimates/#tag/Estimates/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetEstimate
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Estimate
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Estimates/#tag/Estimates/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllCalulatedKPIs
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name AllCalulatedKPIs

## MaterialCodebook
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Material-Codebook/#tag/Material-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllMaterialCodebookResourcesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name AllMaterialCodebook
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Material-Codebook/#tag/Material-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetMaterialCodebookResourceById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name MaterialCodebook
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Material-Codebook/#tag/Material-Codebook/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_UpdateMaterialCodebookResourceById
xchange action new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --object-name MaterialCodebook --name Update

## Materials
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Materials/#tag/Materials/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetEstimateMaterialsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Materials

## Partitions
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Partitions/#tag/Partitions/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllDatabasePartitionsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Partitions
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Partitions/#tag/Partitions/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetDatabasePartitionById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Partition

## QuoteFolders
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Quote-Folders/#tag/Quote-Folders/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetQuoteFoldersWithDetails
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name QuoteFolders
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Quote-Folders/#tag/Quote-Folders/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetQuoteFolderWithDetailsById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name QuoteFolder

## Resources
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Resources/#tag/Resources/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetAllResourcesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Resources
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-estimate-insights/spec/tag/Resources/#tag/Resources/operation/IntegrationsV2Controller_GetResourceById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidestimate-1 --name Resource



______




# HeavyBidPre-Construction
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/overview/
xchange module new --id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name HeavyBidPreConstruction --key heavybidpreconstruction --version 1

## BusinessUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/BusinessUnit/#tag/BusinessUnit/operation/BusinessUnit_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name BusinessUnit

## Projects
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_GetById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name Project
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_Post
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Project --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_Put
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Project --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_Patch
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Project --name PartialChange
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_Delete
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Project --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name Projects
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_PostArray
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Projects --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Projects/#tag/Projects/operation/Projects_DeleteMultiple
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Projects --name Delete

## Reports
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name Reports
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Reports/#tag/Reports/operation/Reports_GetProjectDetailsReport
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Reports --name Create

## Schemas
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Schemas/#tag/Schemas/operation/Schemas_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name Schemas
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Schemas/#tag/Schemas/operation/Schemas_GetById
xchange data-object new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --name Schema
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavybid-pre-construction/spec/tag/Schemas/#tag/Schemas/operation/Schemas_UpdateFieldAlias
xchange action new --module-id heavybidpreconstruction-1 --object-name Schema --name Update




______




# HeavyJob
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/overview/
xchange module new --id heavyjob-1 --name HeavyJob --key heavyjob --version 1

## AccessGroup
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AccessGroup/#tag/AccessGroup/operation/AccessGroupController_GetAllRolesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AccessGroup

## Accounting
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Accounting/#tag/Accounting/operation/AccountingController_GetAccountingValuesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Accounting
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Accounting/#tag/Accounting/operation/AccountingController_GetRateSetGroupAccountingValuesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name RateSetGroupAccounting

## AdvancedBudget
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AdvancedBudgetMaterial
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AdvancedBudget/#tag/AdvancedBudget/operation/AdvancedBudgetController_GetMaterialsAdvancedBudget
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AdvancedBudgetMaterials
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AdvancedBudget/#tag/AdvancedBudget/operation/AdvancedBudgetController_CreateMaterialAdvancedBudget
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name AdvancedBudgetMaterial --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AdvancedBudgetSubcontract
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AdvancedBudget/#tag/AdvancedBudget/operation/AdvancedBudgetController_GetSubcontractsAdvancedBudget
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AdvancedBudgetSubcontracts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AdvancedBudget/#tag/AdvancedBudget/operation/AdvancedBudgetController_CreateSubcontractAdvancedBudget
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name AdvancedBudgetSubcontract --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AdvancedBudgetCustomCostTypeItem
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AdvancedBudget/#tag/AdvancedBudget/operation/AdvancedBudgetController_GetCustomCostTypesAdvancedBudget
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AdvancedBudgetCustomCostTypes
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/AdvancedBudget/#tag/AdvancedBudget/operation/AdvancedBudgetController_CreateCustomCostTypeItemAdvancedBudget
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name AdvancedBudgetCustomCostTypeItem --name Create

## Attachment
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Attachment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Attachment/#tag/Attachment/operation/AttachmentController_SaveAttachmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Attachment --name Create

## BulkCreateJobsRequest
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name BulkCreateJobsRequests
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/BulkCreateJobsRequest/#tag/BulkCreateJobsRequest/operation/BulkCreateJobsRequestController_GetBulkCreateJobsRequestsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name BulkCreateJobsRequests --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name BulkCreateJobsRequest
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/BulkCreateJobsRequest/#tag/BulkCreateJobsRequest/operation/BulkCreateJobsRequestController_GetSingleCreateJobsRequestAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name BulkCreateJobsRequest --name Create

## BusinessUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/BusinessUnit/#tag/BusinessUnit/operation/BusinessUnitController_GetBusinessUnitsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name BusinessUnit

## BusinessUnitPreference
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/BusinessUnitPreference/#tag/BusinessUnitPreference/operation/BusinessUnitPreferenceController_GetBusinessUnitPreferencesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name BusinessUnitPreference
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/BusinessUnitPreference/#tag/BusinessUnitPreference/operation/BusinessUnitPreferenceController_UpdateBusinessUnitPreferencesAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name BusinessUnitPreference --name Update

## ChangeOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_GetChangeOrderAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name ChangeOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_DeleteChangeOrderAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name ChangeOrder --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_CreateChangeOrderAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name ChangeOrder --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_UpdateChangeOrderAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name ChangeOrder --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_GetChangeOrdersByJobAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name ChangeOrdersByJob
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_GetChangeOrdersByBUAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name ChangeOrdersByBusinessUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_GetMobileChangeOrdersByBUAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MobileChangeOrdersByBusinessUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ChangeOrder/#tag/ChangeOrder/operation/ChangeOrderController_GetChangeOrdersIncrementorAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name ChangeOrderIncrementor

## Cost
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_GetJobCostsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobCosts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_GetJobCostByCostCodeAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobCostByCostCode
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_QueryJobCostsV2Async
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobCosts --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobCostsToDate
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_QueryJobCostsToDateAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobCostsToDate --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobCostCustomCost
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_QueryJobCostCustomCostsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobCostCustomCost --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_GetCostCodeCostsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCodeCosts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Cost/#tag/Cost/operation/CostController_UpdateCostCodeCostsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeCosts --name Update

## CostAdjustment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostAdjustment/#tag/CostAdjustment/operation/CostAdjustmentController_GetCostAdjustmentsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostAdjustments
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostAdjustment/#tag/CostAdjustment/operation/CostAdjustmentController_CreateCostAdjustmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostAdjustments --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostAdjustment/#tag/CostAdjustment/operation/CostAdjustmentController_UpdateCostAdjustmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostAdjustments --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostAdjustment/#tag/CostAdjustment/operation/CostAdjustmentController_DeleteCostAdjustmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostAdjustments --name Delete

## CostCode
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/operation/CostCodeController_GetCostCodesV2Async
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCodes
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/operation/CostCodeController_GetCostCodesAdvancedRequestV2Async
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodes --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/operation/CostCodeController_CreateOrUpdateCustomCostTypeBudgetsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodes --name Update

## CostCodeProgress
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCodeProgress
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeProgress/#tag/CostCodeProgress/operation/CostCodeProgressController_GetCostCodeProgressAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeProgress --name Create

## CostCodeTag
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTag/#tag/CostCodeTag/operation/CostCodeTagController_GetCostCodeSetupFiltersAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name SetupFilters
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTag/#tag/CostCodeTag/operation/CostCodeTagController_GetCostCodeTagsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCodeTags
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTag/#tag/CostCodeTag/operation/CostCodeTagController_DeleteCostCodeTagsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeTags --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTag/#tag/CostCodeTag/operation/CostCodeTagController_UpsertCostCodeTagsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeTags --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTag/#tag/CostCodeTag/operation/CostCodeTagController_QueryCostCodeTagsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeTags --name Create

## CostCodeTransaction
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCodeTransaction
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTransaction/#tag/CostCodeTransaction/operation/CostCodeTransactionController_GetCostCodeTimeCardTransactionsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeTransaction --name Create

## CostCodeTransactionAdjustment
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCodeTransactionAdjustment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostCodeTransactionAdjustment/#tag/CostCodeTransactionAdjustment/operation/CostCodeTransactionAdjustmentController_GetCostCodeTransactionAdjustmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCodeTransactionAdjustment --name Create

## CostTypeQuantity
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostTypeQuantity/#tag/CostTypeQuantity/operation/CostTypeQuantityController_GetMaterialInstalledQuantitiesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MaterialsInstalledQuantities
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostTypeQuantity/#tag/CostTypeQuantity/operation/CostTypeQuantityController_GetSubcontractWorkQuantitiesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name SubcontractWorkQuantities
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostTypeQuantity/#tag/CostTypeQuantity/operation/CostTypeQuantityController_GetQuantityAdjustmentsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name QuantityAdjustments
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CustomCostTypeItemReceived
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CostTypeQuantity/#tag/CostTypeQuantity/operation/CostTypeQuantityController_UpdateCustomCostTypeItemReceivedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CustomCostTypeItemReceived --name Update

## CustomCostType
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostType/#tag/CustomCostType/operation/CustomCostTypeController_GetCostCategoriesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CostCategories
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostType/#tag/CustomCostType/operation/CustomCostTypeController_CreateCostCategoryAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CostCategories --name Create

## CustomCostTypeItem
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_GetCustomCostTypeItemsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CustomCostTypeItems
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_CreateCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CustomCostTypeItems --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_UpdateCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CustomCostTypeItems --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_DeleteCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CustomCostTypeItems --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_GetJobCustomCostTypeItemsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobCustomCostTypeItems
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_GetJobCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobCustomCostTypeItem
http://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_CreateJobCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobCustomCostTypeItem --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_UpdateJobCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobCustomCostTypeItem --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_DeleteJobCustomCostTypeItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobCustomCostTypeItem --name Delete
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CustomCostTypeInstalled
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_GetCustomCostTypeInstalledPaginatedAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CustomCostTypeInstalled --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name CustomCostTypeReceived
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/CustomCostTypeItem/#tag/CustomCostTypeItem/operation/CustomCostTypeItemController_GetCustomCostTypeReceivedPaginatedAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name CustomCostTypeReceived --name Create

## Diary
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Diary
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Diary/#tag/Diary/operation/DiaryController_UpsertDiaryAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Diary --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Diaries
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Diary/#tag/Diary/operation/DiaryController_QueryDiariesAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Diaries --name Create

## Employee
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/operation/EmployeeController_GetEmployeesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Employees
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/operation/EmployeeController_GetEmployeesAdvancedAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name EmployeesAdvanced
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/operation/EmployeeController_GetEmployeesWithDetailsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name EmployeesWithDetails
http://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/operation/EmployeeController_DeleteEmployeeAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Employees --name Delete

## Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/operation/EquipmentController_GetEquipmentAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/operation/EquipmentController_GetEquipmentAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Equipment --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/operation/EquipmentController_UpdateEquipmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Equipment --name Update

## EquipmentType
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/EquipmentType/#tag/EquipmentType/operation/EquipmentTypeController_GetEquipmentTypesV2Async
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name EquipmentType
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/EquipmentType/#tag/EquipmentType/operation/EquipmentTypeController_CreateEquipmentTypeAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name EquipmentType --name Create

## Forecast
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Forecast/#tag/Forecast/operation/ForecastController_GetForecastInfoAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name ForecastInfo
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Forecast/#tag/Forecast/operation/ForecastController_GetForecastAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Forecast

## Hours
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name EmployeeHours
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Hours/#tag/Hours/operation/HoursController_GetEmployeeHoursAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name EmployeeHours --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name EquipmentHours
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Hours/#tag/Hours/operation/HoursController_GetEquipmentHoursAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name EquipmentHours --name Create

## HourTag
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/HourTag/#tag/HourTag/operation/HourTagController_GetAttendanceHourTagsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name AttendanceHourTags
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/HourTag/#tag/HourTag/operation/HourTagController_GetNonuseHourTagsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name NonuseHourTags

## Job
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/operation/JobController_GetJobsV1Async
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Jobs
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/operation/JobController_BulkProcessJobsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Jobs --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/operation/JobController_GetJobsAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Jobs --name Create

## JobEmployee
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/JobEmployee/#tag/JobEmployee/operation/JobEmployeeController_GetJobEmployeesAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobEmployees
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/JobEmployee/#tag/JobEmployee/operation/JobEmployeeController_DeleteJobEmployees
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobEmployees --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/JobEmployee/#tag/JobEmployee/operation/JobEmployeeController_UpsertJobEmployeesAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobEmployees --name Update

## JobEquipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/JobEquipment/#tag/JobEquipment/operation/JobEquipmentController_GetJobEquipmentAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobEquipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/JobEquipment/#tag/JobEquipment/operation/JobEquipmentController_UpsertJobEquipmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobEquipment --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/JobEquipment/#tag/JobEquipment/operation/JobEquipmentController_DeleteJobEquipmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobEquipment --name Delete

## Material
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_GetMaterialsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Materials
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_CreateMaterialAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Materials --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_UpdateMaterialAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Materials --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_DeleteMaterialAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Materials --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_GetJobMaterialAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobMaterial
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_GetJobMaterialsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobMaterials
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_CreateJobMaterialAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobMaterial --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_UpdateJobMaterialAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobMaterial --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_DeleteJobMaterialAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobMaterial --name Delete
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MaterialsInstalled
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_GetMaterialsInstalledPaginatedAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name MaterialsInstalled --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MaterialsReceived
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Material/#tag/Material/operation/MaterialController_GetMaterialsReceivedPaginatedAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name MaterialsReceived --name Create

## MaterialSubsAndCustomCosts
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MaterialSubsAndCustomCosts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/MaterialSubsAndCustomCosts/#tag/MaterialSubsAndCustomCosts/operation/MaterialSubsAndCustomCostsController_UpsertLibraryMaterialsSubsAndCustomCostTypeItemsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name MaterialSubsAndCustomCosts --name Update

## PayClass
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PayClass/#tag/PayClass/operation/PayClassController_GetPayClassListAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name PayClass
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PayClass/#tag/PayClass/operation/PayClassController_UpdatePayClassAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name PayClass --name Update

## PayItem
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PayItem/#tag/PayItem/operation/PayItemController_GetPayItemsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name PayItems
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PayItem/#tag/PayItem/operation/PayItemController_CreatePayItemAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name PayItems --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PayItem/#tag/PayItem/operation/PayItemController_BulkUpsertPayItemsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name PayItems --name Update

## PurchaseOrder
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_GetPurchaseOrdersAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name PurchaseOrders
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_GetPurchaseOrderItemsV1Async
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name PurchaseOrderItems
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_CreatePurchaseOrderAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name PurchaseOrders --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_UpdatePurchaseOrderAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name PurchaseOrders --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_GetMaterialPurchaseOrderDetailsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MaterialPurchaseOrderDetails
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_CreateMaterialPurchaseOrderDetailAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name MaterialPurchaseOrderDetails --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/PurchaseOrder/#tag/PurchaseOrder/operation/PurchaseOrderController_UpdateMaterialPurchaseOrderDetailAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name MaterialPurchaseOrderDetails --name Update

## QuantityAdjustment
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name QuantityAdjustment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/QuantityAdjustment/#tag/QuantityAdjustment/operation/QuantityAdjustmentController_CreateQuantityAdjustmentAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name QuantityAdjustment --name Create

## ReleaseOrderApprovalRule
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name ReleaseOrderApprovalRule
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/ReleaseOrderApprovalRule/#tag/ReleaseOrderApprovalRule/operation/ReleaseOrderApprovalRuleController_DeleteReleaseOrderApprovalRuleApproversAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name ReleaseOrderApprovalRule --name Delete

## Subcontract
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_GetSubcontractsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Subcontracts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_CreateSubcontractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Subcontracts --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_UpdateSubcontractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Subcontracts --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_DeleteSubcontractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Subcontracts --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_GetJobSubcontractAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobSubcontract
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_GetJobSubcontractsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name JobSubcontracts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_CreateJobSubcontractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobSubcontract --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_UpdateJobSubcontractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobSubcontract --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_DeleteJobSubcontractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name JobSubcontract --name Delete
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name SubcontractTransactions
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Subcontract/#tag/Subcontract/operation/SubcontractController_GetSubcontractWorkPaginatedAdvancedAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name SubcontractTransactions --name Create

## TimeCard
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/operation/TimeCardController_GetTimeCardApprovalInfoAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name TimeCardApproval
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/operation/TimeCardController_GetTimeCardInfoAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name TimeCardInfo
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/operation/TimeCardController_GetTimeCardV1Async
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name TimeCard
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/operation/TimeCardController_UpdateTimeCardAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name TimeCard --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/operation/TimeCardController_GetMissingTimeCardForemenAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name MissingTimeCardForemen
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/TimeCard/#tag/TimeCard/operation/TimeCardController_FindTimeCardsForEquipmentAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name TimeCardsForEquipment

## User
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/User/#tag/User/operation/UserController_GetUserAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name User

## UserAccessGroup
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name UserAccessGroup
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/UserAccessGroup/#tag/UserAccessGroup/operation/UserAccessGroupController_GetAllAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name UserAccessGroup --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/UserAccessGroup/#tag/UserAccessGroup/operation/UserAccessGroupController_UpdateAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name UserAccessGroup --name Update

## Vendor
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/operation/VendorController_GetAllVendorsV2Async
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name Vendors
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/operation/VendorController_CreateVendorAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Vendors --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/operation/VendorController_UpdateVendorAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Vendors --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/Vendor/#tag/Vendor/operation/VendorController_DeleteVendorAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name Vendors --name Delete

## VendorContract
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_GetVendorContractsPaginatedAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name VendorContracts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_CreateVendorContractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name VendorContracts --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_UpdateVendorContractAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name VendorContracts --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_GetVendorContractDetailsAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name VendorContractDetails
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_CreateVendorContractDetailsAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name VendorContractDetails --name Create
http://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_UpdateVendorContractDetailAsync
xchange action new --module-id heavyjob-1 --object-name VendorContractDetails --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/heavyjob/spec/tag/VendorContract/#tag/VendorContract/operation/VendorContractController_GetVendorContractItemsPaginatedAsync
xchange data-object new --module-id heavyjob-1 --name VendorContractItems






______






# Safety
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/overview/
xchange module new --id safety-1 --name Safety --key safety --version 1

## AccessGroups
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/AccessGroups/#tag/AccessGroups/operation/AccessGroups_GetAccessGroups
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name AccessGroups

## Alerts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Alerts/#tag/Alerts/operation/Alerts_GetAllAlerts
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Alerts
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Alerts/#tag/Alerts/operation/Alerts_UpdateAlert
xchange action new --module-id safety-1 --object-name Alerts --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Alerts/#tag/Alerts/operation/Alerts_CreateAlert
xchange action new --module-id safety-1 --object-name Alerts --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Alerts/#tag/Alerts/operation/Alerts_DeleteAlert
xchange action new --module-id safety-1 --object-name Alerts --name Delete

## IncidentFormTypes
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/IncidentFormTypes/#tag/IncidentFormTypes/operation/IncidentFormTypes_GetIncidentFormTypes
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name IncidentFormTypes

## Incidents
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Incidents/#tag/Incidents/operation/Incidents_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Incident
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Incidents/#tag/Incidents/operation/Incidents_Put
xchange action new --module-id safety-1 --object-name Incident --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Incidents/#tag/Incidents/operation/Incidents_GetList
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Incidents

## IncidentsV2
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/IncidentsV2/#tag/IncidentsV2/operation/IncidentsV_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name IncidentV2

## InspectionTypes
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/InspectionTypes/#tag/InspectionTypes/operation/InspectionTypes_GetInspectionTypes
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name InspectionTypes

## Jobs
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Jobs/#tag/Jobs/operation/Jobs_GetJobs
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Jobs

## Meetings
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Meetings/#tag/Meetings/operation/Meetings_GetMeetings
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Meetings

## Providers
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Providers/#tag/Providers/operation/Providers_GetAllProviders
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Providers

## UserAccessGroups
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name UserAccessGroups
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/UserAccessGroups/#tag/UserAccessGroups/operation/UserAccessGroups_SearchUserAccessGroups
xchange action new --module-id safety-1 --object-name UserAccessGroups --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/UserAccessGroups/#tag/UserAccessGroups/operation/UserAccessGroups_UpdateUserAccessGroups
xchange action new --module-id safety-1 --object-name UserAccessGroups --name Update

## Users
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/safety/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/Users_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id safety-1 --name Users






______






# Setups
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/overview/
xchange module new --id setups-1 --name Setups --key setups --version 1

## AccountingTemplate
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/AccountingTemplate/#tag/AccountingTemplate/paths/~1api~1v1~1AccountingTemplate/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name AccountingTemplate

## BulkCostCode
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name BulkCostCode
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/BulkCostCode/#tag/BulkCostCode/paths/~1api~1v1~1CostCode~1bulk/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name BulkCostCode --name Create

## BusinessUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/BusinessUnit/#tag/BusinessUnit/paths/~1api~1v1~1BusinessUnit/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name BusinessUnit
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/BusinessUnit/#tag/BusinessUnit/paths/~1api~1v1~1BusinessUnit~1default/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name BusinessUnitDefault
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/BusinessUnit/#tag/BusinessUnit/paths/~1api~1v1~1BusinessUnit/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name BusinessUnit --name Create

## CostCode
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/paths/~1api~1v1~1CostCode/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name CostCode
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/paths/~1api~1v1~1CostCode/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name CostCode --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/paths/~1api~1v1~1CostCode/patch
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/CostCode/#tag/CostCode/paths/~1api~1v1~1CostCode~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name CostCode --name Update

## Employee
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1Employee/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name Employee
http://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1Employee/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name Employee --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Employee/#tag/Employee/paths/~1api~1v1~1Employee~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name Employee --name Update

## Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1Equipment/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1Equipment/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name Equipment --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1Equipment~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name Equipment --name Update

## Job
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/paths/~1api~1v1~1Job/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name Job
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/paths/~1api~1v1~1Job/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name Job --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/Job/#tag/Job/paths/~1api~1v1~1Job~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name Job --name Update

## PayClass
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/PayClass/#tag/PayClass/paths/~1api~1v1~1PayClass/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name PayClass
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/PayClass/#tag/PayClass/paths/~1api~1v1~1PayClass/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name PayClass --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/PayClass/#tag/PayClass/paths/~1api~1v1~1PayClass~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name PayClass --name Update

## RateSet
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1Employee/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name RateSet
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1Employee/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSet --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1Employee~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSet --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1PayClass/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name RateSetPayClass
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1PayClass/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetPayClass --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1PayClass~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetPayClass --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1Equipment/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name RateSetEquipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1Equipment/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetEquipment --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1Equipment~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetEquipment --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1CostAdjustment/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name RateSetCostAdjustment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1CostAdjustment/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetCostAdjustment --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSet/#tag/RateSet/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSet~1CostAdjustment~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetCostAdjustment --name Update

## RateSetGroup
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSetGroup/#tag/RateSetGroup/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSetGroup/get
xchange data-object new --module-id setups-1 --name RateSetGroup
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSetGroup/#tag/RateSetGroup/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSetGroup/post
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetGroup --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/setups/spec/tag/RateSetGroup/#tag/RateSetGroup/paths/~1api~1v1~1RateSetGroup~1{id}/put
xchange action new --module-id setups-1 --object-name RateSetGroup --name Update





______





# Skills
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/overview/
xchange module new --id skills-1 --name Skills --key skills --version 1

## EmployeeSkills
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/EmployeeSkills/#tag/EmployeeSkills/operation/EmployeeSkills_GetByEmployee
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name EmployeeSkillsByEmployee
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/EmployeeSkills/#tag/EmployeeSkills/operation/EmployeeSkills_GetBySkill
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name EmployeeSkillsBySkill
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/EmployeeSkills/#tag/EmployeeSkills/operation/EmployeeSkills_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name EmployeeSkills
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/EmployeeSkills/#tag/EmployeeSkills/operation/EmployeeSkills_Post
xchange action new --module-id skills-1 --object-name EmployeeSkills --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name EmployeeSkillImport
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/EmployeeSkills/#tag/EmployeeSkills/operation/EmployeeSkills_Import
xchange action new --module-id skills-1 --object-name EmployeeSkillImport --name Create

## Skills
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/Skills/#tag/Skills/operation/Skills_Get
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name skill
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/Skills/#tag/Skills/operation/Skills_Put
xchange action new --module-id skills-1 --object-name skill --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/Skills/#tag/Skills/operation/Skills_Delete
xchange action new --module-id skills-1 --object-name skill --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/Skills/#tag/Skills/operation/Skills_GetList
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name skills
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/Skills/#tag/Skills/operation/Skills_Post
xchange action new --module-id skills-1 --object-name skills --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id skills-1 --name skillsimport
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/skills/spec/tag/Skills/#tag/Skills/operation/Skills_Import
xchange action new --module-id skills-1 --object-name skillsimport --name Create




______






# Telematics
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/telematics/overview/
xchange module new --id telematics-1 --name Telematics --key telematics --version 1

## Equipment
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/telematics/spec/tag/Equipment/#tag/Equipment/paths/~1api~1v1~1equipment/get
xchange data-object new --module-id telematics-1 --name Equipment






______






# Users
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/overview/
xchange module new --id users-1 --name Users --key users --version 1

## BusinessUnits
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/BusinessUnits/#tag/BusinessUnits/paths/~1api~1v1~1BusinessUnits/get
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name BusinessUnits

## Jobs
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Jobs/#tag/Jobs/paths/~1api~1v1~1Jobs~1GetJobsByBusinessUnit/get
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name Jobs


## Roles
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Roles/#tag/Roles/paths/~1api~1v1~1Roles/get
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name Roles


## SubscriptionGroups
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/SubscriptionGroups/#tag/SubscriptionGroups/paths/~1api~1v1~1SubscriptionGroups/get
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name SubscriptionGroups


## Users
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/Get
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name Users
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/GetById
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name User
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/CreateUser
xchange action new --module-id users-1 --object-name User --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/UpdateUser
xchange action new --module-id users-1 --object-name User --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/DeleteUser
xchange action new --module-id users-1 --object-name User --name Delete
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/users/spec/tag/Users/#tag/Users/operation/GetByUsername
xchange data-object new --module-id users-1 --name Username






______







# Webhooks
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/overview/
xchange module new --id webhooks-1 --name Webhooks --key webhooks --version 1

## Setups
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/Setups/#tag/Setups/operation/Setups_GetWebhooks
xchange data-object new --module-id webhooks-1 --name SetupsWebhooks
xchange data-object new --module-id webhooks-1 --name SetupsSubscription
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/Setups/#tag/Setups/operation/Setups_CreateSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name SetupsSubscription --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/Setups/#tag/Setups/operation/Setups_UpdateSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name SetupsSubscription --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/Setups/#tag/Setups/operation/Setups_DeleteSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name SetupsSubscription --name Delete

## HeavyBidPreConstruction
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/#tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/operation/PreCon_GetWebhooks
xchange data-object new --module-id webhooks-1 --name PreConWebhooks
xchange data-object new --module-id webhooks-1 --name PreConSubscription
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/#tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/operation/PreCon_CreateSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name PreConSubscription --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/#tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/operation/PreCon_UpdateSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name PreConSubscription --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/#tag/HeavyBid-Pre-Construction/operation/PreCon_DeleteSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name PreConSubscription --name Delete

## HeavyJob
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyJob/#tag/HeavyJob/operation/HeavyJob_GetWebhooks
xchange data-object new --module-id webhooks-1 --name HeavyJobWebhooks
xchange data-object new --module-id webhooks-1 --name HeavyJobSubscription
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyJob/#tag/HeavyJob/operation/HeavyJob_CreateSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name HeavyJobSubscription --name Create
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyJob/#tag/HeavyJob/operation/HeavyJob_UpdateSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name HeavyJobSubscription --name Update
https://developer.hcssapps.com/products/webhooks/spec/tag/HeavyJob/#tag/HeavyJob/operation/HeavyJob_DeleteSubscription
xchange action new --module-id webhooks-1 --object-name HeavyJobSubscription --name Delete